Modify CMakeLists for vcpkg portfile (#7603)
realm/realm-core: CHANGELOG.md

* The ownership relationship between App and User has changed. User now strongly retains App and App has a weak cache of Users. This means that creating a SyncConfig or opening a Realm will keep the parent App alive, rather than things being in a broken state if the App is deallocated. ([PR #7300](https://github.com/realm/realm-core/pull/7300).
* A new CMake define `REALM_APP_SERVICES` can be used to compile out core's default implmentation of the application services. ([#7268](https://github.com/realm/realm-core/issues/7268))
* Fix a race condition in Promise which could result in an assertion failure if it was destroyed immediately after a `get()` on the Future returned. The problematic scenario only occurred in test code and not in library code ([PR #7602](https://github.com/realm/realm-core/pull/7602)).

> * Catch2 is no longer required as a submodule if the `REALM_NO_TESTS` or `REALM_BUILD_LIB_ONLY` flags are set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Catch2 is no longer required as a submodule if the `REALM_NO_TESTS`  flag is set.
```
`REALM_BUILD_LIB_ONLY` will still configure Catch, but won't build it and the test targets by default.

> * Sha-1 and Sha-2 are no longer required as submodules on Windows if linking with OpenSSL.

Reviewer: Technically sha1 was never required anywhere else except Emscripten or Linux without encryption (however rare that variant is). I'd not mention it here.
